# Game

This README will introduce some mini-games provided by DJ_bibi, including 1A2B, Gomoku, and Codenames.

## Commands

```plain
AB Game:
-abstart           : start the AB game
-(g)uess <number>  : guess the 4-digit number

Gomoku:
-gostart           : start the Gomoku
-place <x> <y>     : place at (x, y)

Codenames:
-codestart         : start the Codenames
-host              : host use this command to get the answer
-code <code>       : guess <code> be author's team code

<> = required information, [] = optional information
```

## 1A2B

1. After starting the game, DJ_bibi will randomly generate four unique digits from 0 to 9.

2. The user needs to guess the four digits generated by DJ_bibi, and the order must also be correct.

3. DJ_bibi will tell the user how many digits and positions are both correct (A) and how many digits are correct but in the wrong positions (B).

## Gomoku

1. After starting the game, DJ_bibi will generate a 15 * 15 game board.  

2. The user can use commands to make moves, with pieces being placed alternately in black and white.

3. DJ_bibi will update the current board status in real time, and the game will end when someone wins.

## Codenames

1. Before the game starts, teams need to be divided into red and blue, with each team requiring at least one narrator and at least one guesser.  

2. After starting the game, DJ_bibi will randomly generate 25 words from `word.txt` and place them in a 5 * 5 grid, establishing the corresponding teams for each word.
    One of the words will be black, and guessing it will result in an immediate loss.  

3. At this point, the narrator can use the command `;host` to obtain the corresponding colors of the grid.  

4. The narrator must provide a noun without mentioning any of the words, allowing the guesser to associate as many words from their own team as possible.  

5. The teams will take turns narrating and guessing until one team guesses all their words or either team guesses the black word.
